#AGENDA MEETING 4
Date: 13.12.2022

Chairman: Rafa≈Ç Owczarski

Note taker: Alex Preda

##QUESTIONS:
* Feedback about Assignment 1

##PROGRESS:
* Finished Assignment 1 .
* Added all microservices, some of them are already functional. (Quick demo with postman).
* Added pipelines for 3 more modules.
* Still lacking communication between microservices.

##NOTES:
-Talked about what we worked on this week
-Draft:
	- "The package will aid with..." (to complete)
	- remove non functional requirments
	- Diagram is not clear enough:
		- add services in each subsystems
		- connection between user and event that is called user(find better description)
		- add enqueuing microservice
	- page 2: paragraph with the event microservice is not finsihed
	- syncronous but dont explain why
	- explain for every microserivce how they communicate and why (syncronous vs asyncornous)
	- talk about all the databases in the program if we keep the first paragraph
	- why is user and authentication is split from the user.
